Generalize some CUDA-specific language in GPU docs (#3272)
AMReX-Codes/amrex: Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/GPU.rst

=============

In this section, how to offload work to the GPU will be demonstrated.
AMReX supports offloading work with CUDA, HIP, SYCL, OpenACC, or OpenMP.

When using CUDA, HIP, or SYCL, AMReX provides users with portable C++ function calls or
C++ macros that launch a user-defined lambda function.  When compiled without CUDA/HIP/SYCL,
the lambda function is ran on the CPU. When compiled with CUDA/HIP/SYCL, the launch function
prepares and launches the lambda function on the GPU. The preparation includes
calculating the appropriate number of blocks and threads, selecting the CUDA stream or HIP stream

> or SYCL queue, and defining the appropriate work chunk for each CUDA thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or SYCL queue, and defining the appropriate work chunk for each GPU thread.
```

Kernel launch details
---------------------

CUDA (and HIP) kernel calls are asynchronous and they return before the kernel
is finished on the GPU. So the :cpp:`MFIter` loop finishes iterating on
the CPU and is ready to move on to the next work before the actual
work completes on the GPU.  To guarantee consistency,
there is an implicit device synchronization (a GPU barrier) in
the destructor of :cpp:`MFIter`.  This ensures that all GPU work
inside of an :cpp:`MFIter` loop will complete before code outside of
the loop is executed. Any kernel launches made outside of an
:cpp:`MFIter` loop must ensure appropriate device synchronization
occurs. This can be done by calling :cpp:`Gpu::streamSynchronize()`.

CUDA and HIP supports multiple streams and kernels. Kernels launched in the
same stream are executed sequentially, but different streams of kernel
launches may be run in parallel.  For each iteration of :cpp:`MFIter`,

> AMReX uses a different CUDA stream (up to 16 streams in total).  This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AMReX uses a different GPU stream (up to 4 streams in total).  This
```
